
                                                                    Booster jabs accelerated to combat new Covid variant                                                            

                                                                    How do you detect Omicron?                                                            

                                                                    Twitter boss Jack Dorsey steps down                                                            

                                                                    Should you skip the Great Resignation?                                                            

                                                                    The insects that get depressed                                                            

                                                                    Virgil Abloh 'let black people dream in fashion'                                                            

                                                                    Moment North Korean inmate breaks out of prison                                                            

                                                                    Sweden's first female PM returns after resignation                                                            

                                                                    Ballon d'Or: Lewandowski wins new 'striker of the year' award - follow live text                                                            

                                                                    Man Utd appoint Rangnick as interim boss                                                            

                                                                    Omicron variant outbreak at Belenenses                                                            

                                                                    Is India ready for a third wave of Covid-19?                                                            

                                                                    India man builds Taj Mahal replica home for wife                                                            

                                                                    India v New Zealand - first Test scorecard                                                            

                                                                    'Why do you like Shah Rukh Khan?'                                                            

                                                                    10 TV shows to watch this December                                                            

                                                                    A new hope for the Great Barrier Reef?                                                            

                                                                    Why you find do-gooders insufferable                                                            

                                                                    The lab-grown food revolution                                                            

                                                                    NBA star changes name to celebrate US citizenship                                                            

                                                                    Seven die after eating poisonous turtle meat                                                            

                                                                    Queen of Barbados - but just for one last day                                                            

                                                                    The underwater 'kites' that generate electricity                                                            

                                                                    Is seaweed the future of flying?                                                            

                                                                    Barbados prepares to cut ties with the Queen                                                            

                                                                    Barbados prepares to cut ties with the Queen                                                            

                                                                    ICYMI: Smells like Christmas, confirms US...                                                            

                                                                    This video has been removed for rights...                                                            

                                                                    Snowed-in at Britain's highest pub for three...                                                            

                                                                    Alarm forces BBC radio hosts to leave during...                                                            

                                                                    Boris Johnson struggles in interview                                                            

                                                                    Ready for the total solar eclipse?                                                            

                                                                    Koalas 'face extinction' in parts of...                                                            

                                                                    Video 'shows Mosul mosque's destruction'                                                            

                                                                    Indonesia's female 'devil wheel' riders                                                            

                                                                    The migrants turned back from Belarus                                                            

                                                                    One-minute World News                                                            

                                                                    How Britain protects its nuclear material                                                            

                                                                    The gangs enticing migrants to cross the...                                                            

                                                                    Getting young people to find their Northern...                                                            

                                                                    China's 'traffic-light' surveillance of reporters                                                            

                                                                    I'm a Celebrity to return on Tuesday after storm                                                            

                                                                    More work needed to create green jobs, report says                                                            

                                                                    All UK adults to be offered Covid booster jab                                                            

                                                                    Germany's Scholz seals deal to end Merkel era                                                            

                                                                    Wizkid fans breach O2 Arena security to break into gig                                                            

                                                                    Israel to ban foreigners from entering over Covid                                                            

                                                                    Moon missions spur the search for new spacesuits                                                            

                                                                    Why we're entering a 'vaccine RNAissance'                                                            

                                                                    Storm Arwen brings snow, waves and winds                                                            

                                                                    Fire-eaters and dancers at Dakar cultural carnival                                                            

                                                                    Spellbinding photo of Welsh lighthouse wins award                                                            

                                                                    Africa's top shots: Air kisses and date picking                                                            

                                                                    Photographer sorry for 'small eyes' Dior picture                                                            
